In checking if a patient can have different visits with the same diagnosis we found based on our design of our databases a patient can have different visits with the same diagnosis. This is due to the fact that the Visit Diagnosis table links a DiagnosisId to a specific VisitID and also to a specific visit date and time. Due to the way this is set up it allows DiagnosisID to appear multiple times with different VisitID’s. Also since there are no direct restrictions tying a single diagnosis to only one visit. After writing up our query we found that we were able to write multiple entries within VisitRecords with same PID’s and different DiagnosisIDs so when we join on PID our table produced a patient with the same diagnosis but had different VisitID’s so therefore we found that our database could capture patients having different visits with the same diagnosis. 
When we check if a patient can have different visits with the same treatment based on the design of our databases a patient can have different visits with the same Treatment as there are many. This is due to the fact that the Visit Diagnosis table links a DiagnosisId to a specific VisitID and also to a specific visit date and time. Due to Treatment having DiagnosisId as a field we can use similar logic to our test if a patient can multiple visits with the same diagnosis as the treatment would also be tied to the diagnosis given to the patient there for we found that our database could capture patients having different visits
When we check to see if we can see what doctors gave what diagnosis and what prescribed treatments at a visit, based on the design of our databases we found that we were able to see the doctors information and and diagnosis and treatments given due to the fact that in order to find the doctors information we realized that doctor had links through employee and service provider so we realized that doctor had to be joined with service provider via that shared relationship and then through doctor we were able to join with employee thus we were able to project the attributes of their name along with the treatment provided via the treatment table. 
When trying to decide if we can see if a singular clerk can do intake for the same patient on different visits we found that we were able to capture the data for this test case due to intake clerk having a EID that can link to visit records which hold a PID field that can link to the patient. So by these foreign keys we can link these tables together and have a table that has the information of not only the intake clerk but also the information of the visits associated with that intake clerk along with the patients information due the PID. Once the table is created we can then see if there were different VisitID records associated with the same EID associated with the clerk and the same PID that is associated with the patient. 
We determined that we were able to see who authorized permission for treatment for a minor based on the way we set up our database by getting patient and getting their date of birth which is an attribute in our patient table. We can then access a minor's guardian via the foreign key of the PID based on the condition if the date of birth is less than 18, then we join that on the guardian table via the guardian ID and then we project out the first name and last name. Once we ran our test query we indeed were able to see the first and last names of the authorized guardians there for the way that we set up our database was correct based on the finding of our test query. 
